[Music]
won't you join me yes join audrey
hepburn
as you've never seen her before kicking
over the traces and bringing to life
Truman Capote's breakfast at tiffany's I
never could do that Audrey Hepburn as
Holly Golightly who typifies and
glorifies the glamorous playmates of
this dizzily spinning world as she and
George Peppard breezed through the
glitter and shimmer of New York as it
has never been captured before you have
a special invitation to attend Audrey
Hepburn's open house on the wildest
night New York Avenue
[Music]
yes good evening it tell you one thing
Fred darling
I'd marry you for your money in a minute
you marry me for my money in a minute
it's pretty lucky neither mrs. richer
darling don't sit there looking at me
like that Holly I'm in love with you so
what so what so plenty I love you you
belong to me no people don't belong to
people of course they do
let anyone put me in a cage I don't want
to put you in a cage I want to love you
Audrey Hepburn and George Peppard
searching for love in the big town but
sharing only part of their lives until
they find the deep warm moment of truth
that can't be hidden even by the oddball
antics on the brittle surface of New
York
[Music]
you